[Service Bus] Session Receiver (Both batching and streaming) during a disconnect (#13956)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/servicebus/service-bus/CHANGELOG.md

- Re-exports `RetryMode` for use when setting the `RetryOptions.mode` field
  in `ServiceBusClientOptions`.
  Resolves [#13166](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/issues/13166).

> - When receiving messages from sessions using the `ServiceBusSessionReceiver.receiveMessages` method, errors on the AMQP link or session were being handled well, but an error on the AMQP connection like a network disconnect was not being handled at all. This results in the promise returned by the above method never getting fulfilled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When receiving messages from sessions using either the `ServiceBusSessionReceiver.receiveMessages` method or the `ServiceBusSessionReceiver.subscribe` method, errors on the AMQP link or session were being handled well, but an error on the AMQP connection like a network disconnect was not being handled at all. This results in the promise returned by the `receiveMessages` method never getting fulfilled and the `subscribe` method not calling the user provided error handler.
```

> - Upon network disconnect, `ServiceBusSessionReceiver.receiveMessages` would hang forever and the users would have to force-exit.
>   Instead of hanging forever if a network disconnect is observed, `receiveMessages` would now return the messages in "receiveAndDelete" mode, and throws `SessionLockLostError` in "peekLock" mode.
>   [#13956](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/13956)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When receiving messages from sessions using the `ServiceBusSessionReceiver.receiveMessages` method, errors on the AMQP link or session were being handled well, but an error on the AMQP connection like a network disconnect was not being handled at all. This results in the promise returned by the above method never getting fulfilled.
  This is now fixed in [#13956](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/13956) to throw `SessionLockLostError` when in `peekLock` mode and to return the messages collected so far when in `receiveAndDelete` mode.

```

>   This is now fixed in [#13956](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/13956) to throw `SessionLockLostError` when in `peekLock` mode and to return the messages collected so far when in `receiveAndDelete` mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is now fixed in [#13956](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/13956) to throw `SessionLockLostError`. If using the `receiveMessages` method in `receiveAndDelete` mode, then the messages collected so far are returned to avoid data loss.
```

> 

Author: Add changelog for streaming case.

Author: Ramya added it!
